hello said crumbs your transform now so
near and yet so far Leslie its own staff
but I can see that you're devastated can
you try and explain to me just how you
feel I've been really proud that should
if you'd I feel proud of being this
amazing program because strictly come
dancing has brought us bought ballroom
and latin dancing back to where it
belongs primetime BBC television which
is where it should always always he's
fine that this is not true because all
the kids now a dancing as well as all
the people that are older and without
Chris that wouldn't be happening so
we've got to thank Chris for that we
really have just really in that I've
learnt 10 dancers I've look 10 dancers
with this amazing money I mean it the
whole whore every woman in the planet
should have half an hour with him I'm so
do you back have you respond to that
I've got my door in my dressing room so
you just get a slot I'll be more than
happy to accommodate ok guys before we
go any further with that I'd like to
take a little look back at your quick
step which I thought was phenomenal play
this was incredible i have to say this
module wooden to play in this forest
where was the perfect tennis for toys
for the well we've never managed to do
it every way we've I thought the
quickstep was just I was breathless and
I'll never ever forget dancing that with
you it was just amazing cause it's the
first time we've got it perfect and I
mean like last week as well with the
foxtrot there wasn't a foot wrong with
the box I mean I'm not complaining for a
minute but I think I don't know what
you're
to get a 9 out to some of the churches
although the tangle you know well the
very different dances said it was lovely
crevice Horwood said it was a bit rocky
oh you've got to do to impress rebels I
don't know I wish I did how can I ask
you so were you pleased with your
performance is this eve I thought we
danced I thought we danced wonderfully
Russell you danced wonderfully world
last week and this week has been at two
besley weeks absolutely and when we had
two dances to do in each week I thought
the foxtrot was beautiful and I thought
the quicks that was was energetic it was
bright I thought it was I thought it was
great and I thought the job is just
tremendous and so on are you proud of
what you achieved achieved in this
competition are you proud of your whole
line as larry has been astonishingly
wonderful and it's been a complete joy
to be in the studio every day with
Leslie and when I've been with Leslie
I've mr. ha there's been so wonderful
it's been so it's been a wonderful
experience I'll show has been just
tremendous can I say it's been wonderful
watching the both of you week after week
I have loved every minute of it in
someone else who's loved every minute of
you as well it's the lovely miss Tess
Daly
nobody got more out of this competition
with me than me there really is no one
had more fun and learn more dancing
there's no lost more weight 16 I've got
to say I mean you're you're crying but I
swear honest to god truth the crew have
been crying all this salmans up in tears
really are crapping coin it's very
emotional because we have got very close
to you and we do care and we don't want
to lose you at this stage and you've
been an absolutely brilliant sport the
pair of you have been entertainment well
I just hope which doesn't Republic just
what fun it could be we've just we've
enjoyed it from the first time we met we
got on fabulously we've been having a
great time for three months I love her
completely to death and it's just a joy
to dance with Leslie and because it's so
genuine I just hope everybody else
enjoyed it with a fist you've got to
understand is why I must just say this
is is that it's what a privilege it is
but for us non-dancers to be taught by
by people like hold on I mean they are
phenomenal artists you can't begin to
know the level of artistry that the
Antonin and his colleagues and I've
tried to impart to us it's often in an
unbelievable level far more than I ever
dreamed it would be and that's why we've
all given so so much of our time we've
been you know we've been dancing til ten
o'clock last night wasn't it Jenica
awesome just to make sure we don't let
them down just to make sure that we try
and match what they expect of us and
every week an expected more in every
week we've tried to give us when you say
to me nobody's enjoyed this more than
you I believe you I think that one does
it's been a real joy let's have a little
look back it's some of your highlights
from this series have a look
I thought we could do cavion draw I hope
he's very gorgeous feel about pave from
boxing
they were fantastic
we've got a little bit of a problem
today because my sweetheart Anton beer
he might covered in the cold
fabulous rutina game
if I get voted off this week I'll be
done till next week whatever happens
I think every woman in the country
should just know what it is to dance a
Foxtrot with anton du Beke it is heaven
person gala you are phenomenal
phenomena we've got the great advantage
because I can work him into my routines
and on way I guilt all we're going to be
dancing together in one of my solo
concert whoa hey I assure you can book
through the BBQ looking up with you I'm
working it into my eyes nylon okay cash
is gonna have trouble getting Brendan
doing the Samba biondi while she's
reading the news but I'm Leslie go a CB
and some do back not see you so much
guys now has taken 12 weeks